Link the LLM benchmarking methodology blog from the Security LLM performance matrix (#7711)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/ai/large-language-model-performance-matrix.md

# Large language model performance matrix for {{elastic-sec}} [llm-performance-matrix]

> This page summarizes internal test results comparing large language models (LLMs) across {{elastic-sec}} [AI chat](/explore-analyze/ai-features/ai-chat-experiences.md) and AI-powered feature use cases. The matrix tests each model across [Agent Builder](/solutions/security/ai/agent-builder/agent-builder.md), [Attack Discovery](/solutions/security/ai/attack-discovery/index.md), and [Automatic Migration](/solutions/security/get-started/automatic-migration.md). To learn more about these use cases, refer to [AI-powered features](/explore-analyze/ai-features.md#security-features). To learn how these scores are produced, see [Benchmarking the Agentic SOC](https://www.elastic.co/security-labs/llm-benchmarking-agentic-soc) on Elastic Security Labs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page summarizes internal test results comparing large language models (LLMs) across {{elastic-sec}} [AI chat](/explore-analyze/ai-features/ai-chat-experiences.md) and AI-powered feature use cases. The matrix tests each model across [Agent Builder](/solutions/security/ai/agent-builder/agent-builder.md), [Attack Discovery](/solutions/security/ai/attack-discovery/index.md), and [Automatic Migration](/solutions/security/get-started/automatic-migration.md). To learn more about these use cases, refer to [AI-powered features](/explore-analyze/ai-features.md#security-features). To learn how these scores are produced, refer to [Benchmarking the Agentic SOC](https://www.elastic.co/security-labs/llm-benchmarking-agentic-soc) on Elastic Security Labs.
```

* **Overall Agent Builder Score** is the average of the seven Agent Builder [sub-capabilities](#_agent_builder_sub_capabilities). It summarizes how well a model handles agentic Security work end to end.
* **Overall Score** is the average of the Agent Builder, Attack Discovery, and Automatic Migration scores. It reflects how a model performs across the breadth of Elastic's AI features rather than any single workflow, and is the default sort for the tables below.

> For a full walkthrough of the evaluation framework behind these scores — the synthetic intrusion, deterministic ground truth, trace-level grading, and blind judging — see [Benchmarking the Agentic SOC](https://www.elastic.co/security-labs/llm-benchmarking-agentic-soc) on Elastic Security Labs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full walkthrough of the evaluation framework behind these scores — the synthetic intrusion, deterministic ground truth, trace-level grading, and blind judging — refer to [Benchmarking the Agentic SOC](https://www.elastic.co/security-labs/llm-benchmarking-agentic-soc) on Elastic Security Labs.
```
